Add installation page (#286)
risc0/website: docs/zkvm/install.md

# Installation

These instructions tell you how to install (or update) the RISC Zero zkVM so you can build your own projects using it.

## Prerequisites

First, [install Rust] (including Cargo) if you don't already have it.

> [install Rust]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/getting-started/installation.html

Reviewer: It's important to note that only `rustup` installations are currently supported. The current build system for the guest relies on `rustup` to be able to select the guest toolchain. This means using system package managers are not supported.

Author: Thanks, will update this!

## Install

Next, install the `cargo-risczero` tool and install the toolchain with:
```bash
cargo install cargo-risczero
cargo risczero install
```
If this is successful, it will finish by printing the message
```
The risc0 toolchain is now ready to use.

> ```

Reviewer: We could also add this:

> You can verify it was installed correctly by running:
> 
> ```bash
> rustup toolchain list --verbose | grep risc0
> ```

Which both makes it consistent with what we have in https://crates.io/crates/cargo-risczero and also provides a way for users to check that their environment is properly configured.

Author: oh, great! We should definitely add this, I tried to write this up and did not successfully come up with this command, and if I couldn't do it some of our users definitely won't be able to. Will update accordingly.

# Installation

These instructions tell you how to install (or update) the RISC Zero zkVM so you can build your own projects using it.

## Prerequisites

> The RISC Zero zkVM requires Rust, so start by [installing Rust] if you don't already have it. Please note that our [guest build system] requires [rustup], and so you will need to follow the recommended Rust installation instructions that use [rustup] rather than any of the alternative installation optsions.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we just want to say that the zkVM requires Rust and Rustup and remove the reference to the `guest build system` -- many readers will encounter this page before they've grokked the term `guest`, so would be nice to avoid that terminology here if we can.

[installing Rust]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/getting-started/installation.html
[guest build system]: https://docs.rs/risc0-build/latest/risc0_build/
[rustup]: https://rustup.rs/

## Install

Next, install the `cargo-risczero` tool and install the toolchain with:
```bash
cargo install cargo-risczero
cargo risczero install
```
If this is successful, it will finish by printing the message
```
The risc0 toolchain is now ready to use.
```
You can verify the toolchain was installed correctly by running
```
rustup toolchain list --verbose | grep risc0
```
which should list `risc0` along with its path.

## Update

> If you need to update your installation, you can run `cargo install cargo-risczero` to update the `cargo risczero` tool, and you can run `cargo risczero install` to update the RISC Zero toolchain.

Reviewer 2: The names of the tools/toolchain and the commands are all so similar that I think this sentence is pretty hard to parse. 
```suggestion
To update your installation: 
1. run `cargo install cargo-risczero` to update the `cargo risczero` tool, and 2. run `cargo risczero install` to update the RISC Zero toolchain.
```

# Installation

> These instructions tell you how to install (or update) the RISC Zero tool so you can build your own RISC Zero zkVM projects.

Reviewer 2: To clarify, do we have both a "RISC Zero tool" and a "RISC Zero toolchain?"

Feels to me like the language here still isn't quite consistent

Reviewer: The `cargo risczero install` command will soon include installing a `r0vm` binary which will be where the actual zkvm is implemented.

Author: I've added another sentence explaining that we're installing `cargo risczero` and also a toolchain. We'll want to update this language once we're installing a `r0vm` binary as well.
